the creation of quotas for students of
black and Indian public schools in
federal universities still come
provoking intense debates in society
Brazilian
everyone has an opinion on the
subject in the second article in the series
on quotas we will deepen this
discussion showing the main
arguments of who is in favor of who is
against politics
andré arrives at the faculty of
ufmg for another day of class but for
enter university
the pedagogy student went through a
long way after doing all the
elementary school in the public school
tried the college entrance exam three times
last benefited by the
bonus system for students
afrodescendentes four years to ufmg
adds percentages in the
vestibular of who declares himself black
or brown and who studied in school
when it was the third time there was
announce theory is not a good reflection what
also missing this lag that has the
Ox will introduce me and I will succeed.
he insisted at the beginning even as motivation
the little doctor and obstetrician entered the
ufmg in the 1990s when there was no
bonuses for afro-descendants
public education was very dedicated
that he has gained a place in one of
most disputed university courses
new role for your students
was a nigga there is another colleague
black also because in 62 - 78 of the world
the quota law will guarantee vacancies in
federal universities for students of
Afro-descendant public schools
indigenous students with family income
up to a minimum wage and a half per
person will change the profile of the
groups but guilhermino nor with funds to
new rules
What worries me is trying to do
this policy and not solve the problem
of basic education
and if this is resolved
it was necessary to have a policy of cups
is also the argument of the president of the
private school syndicate of
mines only by slowing down and taking focus
of the problem of basic education
high school to be strengthened so that
all have the same for non- equality
it's only in this dispute for the place in the final
but for this social scientist to
expansion of quotas and the improvement
public schools are political
complementary
one thing does not exclude the other is possible
to correct these historical inequalities
to promote the access of generations that
passed the primary school already has a
but it is also his mother who
have the right to form and qualify and
entering higher education
this is one thing to another is of the generations
which are reaching children 10 however
quality primary education
this ufmg teacher also sees with
enthusiasm the law of quotas
he believes that with the new measure the
public school student will require the
higher education
he starts to charge teachers from
school is experiences projects
prepare you to have access to
I think this university has a
very positive effect families spend
to follow up more to demand more because
have this on your horizon
who criticizes the fat brings yet another
The argument for the debate will
level of the technical trainees of
Federal will lower the level of education the
and the worst is to download the surveys
that are made that are important is not
federal
several studies
show that the first experiences of
quotas in Brazil went very well
and the quota students
performance equal to or greater than
Álvaro do not state they are taking
the trajectory of the students who were
benefited by the bowling system
the rector of ufmg also believes that
loss of class performance
I think society today will not be
reached in this company niches
Mexicans perform similarly
to beautiful lines
some even with less skill
the largest investment inks
I think this is what the differential is
Willingness to learn we enter here
is such a great opportunity is
logical talking will have been remembered that
study a lot
but nothing that my quality of
university in the controversy of the law of
quotas a matter concerns all as
will be the relationship between the
the other students
this can create small small areas
University of interventions where there
exist
I worry it's in rooms with a destination
the lower they are placed they are
harassed in college so the
which entered into 2000 and which are
quotas
I think it's important to be proud of that.
to say that if I enter university
by means of a measure which is
correcting a situation that was very
wrong in the country will not be stranger
and there are some generations to come
a doctor's office a medical
will not ask if she is
secretary to the son to address
But it's natural I'm here for the
my brother already here is already a reality
for and also law already help you click
You can enter there too and you do not have
not everyone's story and in this
Thursday in the last report of the
series on the copies you will know
how universities can prepare
to receive future quotaholders